British tenor Hugo Hymas is in much demand for his interpretations of the baroque and renaissance repertoire and enjoys collaborations with the foremost practitioners of the genre. His 24/25 season reflects many established relationships: he sings Bach _St John Passion_ with the Orchestra of the Age of Enlightenment under Jonathan Cohen as well making his début with Les Violons du Roy with the same conductor. He joins John Butt for Handel _Esther_ with The English Concert and for Bach with the Dunedin Consort, and he sings _Messiah_ with both the Sinfonieorchester Basel and the Tonkünstler-Orchester Niederösterreich under Ivor Bolton. Hymas will make his Bergen Philharmonic debut with Bach _Weihnachts-Oratorium_ under Dinis Sousa.

He returns to Potsdamer Winteroper to sing Clotarco (Haydn _Armida_), performs Alessandro (Handel _Poro_) in a semi-staging with {oh!} Orkester under Martyna Pastuszka and reprises one of his signature roles, Acis (_Acis and Galatea_) with Vox Luminis under Lionel Meunier. Engaging with more recent repertoire Hymas will record Stravinsky _Cantata_ with The Façade Ensemble under Benedict Collins Rice and collaborates with Leicester International Music Festival (Artistic Director Nicholas Daniel) performing Warlock, Vaughan Williams, Tippet and Elena Langer.

Amongst his significant previous engagements are Jove (_Semele_) for Glyndebourne Festival Opera (available on Glyndebourne Encore), Eurimaco (_Il ritorno d’Ulisse in patria_) at the Maggio Musicale Fiorentino and Lucius in the premiere of Georgio Battistelli Julius Caesar at Teatro dell’Opera di Roma. He has performed and recorded Handel’s sacred oratorio _La Resurrezione_ with The English Concert and Harry Bicket and Purcell with Arcangelo under Cohen, sung Purcell and Handel with the Freiburg Baroque Orchestra directed by Kristian Bezuidenhout, Haydn _Die Schöpfung_ with Les Arts Florissants under William Christie and the _St Matthew Passion_ with Collegium Vocale Gent under Philippe Herreweghe. Hymas has undertaken major European tours of the Bach _B Minor Mass_ with the Orchestra of the Age of Enlightenment under Václav Luks as well as _Semele_ with Monteverdi Choir under Sir John Eliot Gardiner.

Hymas is a former Britten Pears Young Artist and Rising Star of the Enlightenment. He grew up in Cambridge where he sang as a chorister in Great St Mary’s Church Choir and studied the clarinet after which he joined the Choir of Clare College, Cambridge as a tenor. He holds an honours degree in Music from the University of Durham.